.TH E3 1

.SH NAME
E3C \- A mini text editor

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B e3c
[\fifilename]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fIe3c\fP is a complete mini editor using Wordstar features.

.SH KEYBOARD COMMANDS
.PP
.TP
\fB^C
Go page down
.TP
\fB^D
Go right
.TP
\fB^E
Go up
.TP
\fB^I
Tabulator
.TP
\fB^KB
Set block start marker
.TP
\fB^KC
Copy current block
.TP
\fB^KD
Save file and load a new one
.TP
\fB^KK
Set block end marker
.TP
\fB^KQ
Abort editing and exit. Confirm with Y or y that your changes are lost.
.TP
\fB^KR
Insert a file as a new block
.TP
\fB^KS
Save file and continue editing
.TP
\fB^KV
Move current block inside file
.TP
\fB^KW
Save a block into a file
.TP
\fB^KX
Save file and exit
.TP
\fB^KY
Delete text a block
.TP
\fB^QA
Search & Replace (a prompt appears). For options compare ^QF. 
.TP
\fB^QB
Go to block begin
.TP
\fB^QC
Go to end of file
.TP
\fB^QD
Go to end of line
.TP
\fB^QE
Go to top of screen: 1st columne, 1st line
.TP
\fB^QF
Find a text string (a prompt appears). Valid options are \fIC\fPase sensitive and \fIB\fPackward.
You could abort via pressing ^U .
.TP
\fB^QG
Delete character under cursor
.TP
\fB^QG
Delete character left of cursor
.TP
\fB^QH,^Q(Del)
Delete up to line begin
.TP
\fB^QI
Go to line number (prompt appears)
.TP
\fB^QK
Go to block end
.TP
\fB^QR
Go to file begin
.TP
\fB^QS
Go to line begin
.TP
\fB^QV
Go to last postion of find
.TP
\fB^QW
Go to previous word
.TP
\fB^QX
Go to bottom of window (last line, end of line)
.TP
\fB^QY
Delete to line end
.TP
\fB^QZ
Go to next word
.TP
\fB^R
Go page up
.TP
\fB^S
Go left
.TP
\fB^T
Delete to next word
.TP
\fB^U
Abort input in status line (this is used for ^QI,^QF,^KR,^KW etc.)
.TP
\fB^V
Toggle insert mode
.TP
\fB^X
Go down
.TP
\fB^Y
Delete current line

.SH OPTIONS
.PP
e3c accepts a filename for text editing.

.SH FILES
.PP
.TP
\fBe3c 
is a 'C' compiled executable for some other platforms where e3 is not available.
.TP
\fBe3ws.hlp
help text file
.TP
\fBe3.res
error message text file

.SH COPYRIGHT
e3,e3c  Copyright (c) 2000 Albrecht Kleine

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.

.SH BUGS
There probably are some, but I don't know what they are yet.
Caution: there's no UNDO feature.